feat(api): make nvim_open_win support normal (non-floating) windows (#25550)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/api.txt

nvim_open_win({buffer}, {enter}, {*config})                  *nvim_open_win()*

>     Open a new window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Opens a new split window, or a floating window if `relative` is specified, or an external window (managed by the UI) if `external` is specified.
```

>     This is used to open normal (split), floating and external windows. Floats

Reviewer: delete this sentence
```suggestion
    Floats
```

    are windows that are drawn above the split layout, at some anchor position
    in some other window. Floats can be drawn internally or by external GUI
    with the |ui-multigrid| extension. External windows are only supported
    with multigrid GUIs, and are displayed as separate top-level windows.

    For a general overview of floats, see |api-floatwin|.

    The `width` and `height` of the new window must be specified when opening
    a floating window, but are optional for normal windows.

>     If `relative` is unset, a normal window is created instea of a floating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If `relative` and `external` are omitted, a normal "split" window is created.
```

        })
<

>     Example (Lua): vertical split to the left of the current window >lua

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Example (Lua): vertical split left of the current window >lua
```

      • {config}  Map defining the window configuration. Keys:
                  • relative: Sets the window layout to "floating", placed at
                    (row,col) coordinates relative to:

>                     • "" Non-floating

Reviewer: Any reason not to allow omitting `relative` (that was always what I assumed we'd do since we introduced `nvim_open_win`)?

Author: No, not particularly, I didn't think that through much. Should omitting `relative` resolve to a split window, the same as `relative=""`?

Author: Maybe `win_get_config` shouldn't return anything for `relative` in split wins then? Currently it returns an empty string.

                    • "editor" The global editor grid
                    • "win" Window given by the `win` field, or current
                      window.
                    • "cursor" Cursor position in current window.
                    • "mouse" Mouse position

>                   • win: |window-ID| for relative="win" or relative="".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  • win: |window-ID| window to split, or relative window when creating a float (relative="win").
```

                  • fixed: If true when anchor is NW or SW, the float window
                    would be kept fixed even if the window would be truncated.
                  • hide: If true the floating window will be hidden.

>                   • vertical: If creating a normal (split) window, split
>                     vertically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  • vertical: Split vertically. |:vertical|
```

                  • fixed: If true when anchor is NW or SW, the float window
                    would be kept fixed even if the window would be truncated.
                  • hide: If true the floating window will be hidden.
                  • vertical: If creating a normal (split) window, split
                    vertically.

>                   • belowright: If creating a normal window, split to the

Author: I thought about that, definitely could do that if that's preferred. The reason why I ended up with two properties was so that omitting one is possible (and to mirror `splitright`/`splitbelow` options). I somewhat prefer the current implementation, but I don't have strong feelings about it and I definitely understand the appeal of minimizing the number of new properties. Happy to make the change if you want :)

>                   • belowright: If creating a normal window, split to the

Reviewer: I don't think `split` would eliminate the need for `vertical`. Rather it avoids the need for other, new options in the future. But I haven't thought through all the permutations so I am not certain if it's necessary. 

Currently my reasoning is:

- As a user, a `split` enum option as described above seems potentially more intuitive than a single `belowright` boolean.
- Matching the existing `nvim_parse_cmd` interface seems like a safe choice.

>                   • belowright: If creating a normal window, split to the

Reviewer: > Wouldn't `topleft` be the same as `vertical=true, belowright=false`, `botright` => `vertical=true, belowright=true`, etc.?

Presumably the same reason that `:vertical` command exists :) Can always drop the `vertical` param for now and add it later if needed.

>                   • belowright: If creating a normal window, split to the

Author: Ah, so `vertical=true` would essentially be the same as `topleft`, and `vertical=false` would be equivalent to `botright`?

>                   • belowright: If creating a normal window, split to the

Author: Working on this now, and I'm realizing that the behavior of the options that match `parse_cmd` is not the same as my current implementation. The current implementation allows splitting any direction from any window, but `:belowright` / `:topleft` always create top-level splits. Imo the current functionality of this PR is more predictable and flexible than this would be. Should I use the names of the `split` options but keep the current functionality? 

I think a good enum option for the current implementation would be `top`/`bottom`/`left`/`right` because that more accurately describes how the window will split.

>                   • belowright: If creating a normal window, split to the

Reviewer: Makes sense. Though should the "top" case in your table be named "above"? Compare the `:aboveleft` command to the `:topleft` command.

>                   • belowright: If creating a normal window, split to the

Author: Yes, good idea, I'll use `above` and `below`.

>                   • belowright: If creating a normal window, split to the

Author: `split` option is in, and I removed `belowright`.
